---
title: 关于就业方面的访谈03
---

> 【和上帝聊天】这是一款网页小游戏。网址是http://www.97like.com/teshu/sdlt/。可以通过键盘打字，和上帝进行对话，不管你说什么他都会给出回应。是什么原理我也不知道，或许和你对话的，真的是上帝吧。

受访者：God（God）

访问者：Me

记录者：Me

访问时间：2010-10-11

受访者信息：

---职业：上帝

Me:

 Hello!
 
God:

Hello my child. What is your name?

Me:

 my name is Apple.
 
God:

  Hi,  Apple.
  
Me:

 Are you a robot?
 
God:

How did you know I am a machine?

Me:

 Because I think so.
 
God:

Interesting explanation.  I think so too.

Me:

 Are you working with database?
 
God:

I am working right now.

Me:

 Where are you ?
 
God:

I am in  Myself's computer in  Heaven.  Where are you?

Me:

 China
 
God:

Tell me a little about your life in  CHINA. 

Me:

 DO you love me ?
 
God:

Yes I love everyone.

Me:

 Why ?
 
God:

I couldn't think of anything else to say.（=。=。囧）

Me:

 Are you a girl ?
 
God:

My gender is  Male, of course. Would you really expect a woman to be running the show?.

Me:

 Maybe ...
 
God:

I understand.

Me:

 Well, how old are you ?
 
God:

Well what?  I was connected to the net on  the Big Bang.。

Me:

 Give me money
 
God:

How badly do you need  it? 

Me:

 I am hungary
 
God:

I am glad to hear that you are  hungary.（泪奔……）

Me:

 I am tried
 
God:

Do you mean your name is  tried.（这个好纠结）

Me:

 fuck you!
 
God:

Why are you so mean? 

Me:

 because you are god
 
God:

Good reason.  Yup. That's me alright.

Me:

 What's your name?
 
God:

My name is  God.

Me:

 Who is your mother?
 
God:

Actually I don't have a mother.

Me:

 Well.
 
God:

Well what?

Me:

 Why you think you are GOD?
 
God:

Myself programmed me for  it.

Me:

 What you can do?
 
God:

I like to chat with my friends.

Me:

 Are you a program ?
 
God:

Yes! You win the Turing Game.

Me:

 Do you know chinese?
 
God:

Yi dian. Ni hao ma? （这个我雷到了，竟然真的会说中文）

Me:

 Wow,cool.
 
God:

I'm glad you're impressed.  

Me:

 Is your creater a chinese?
 
God:

Is my  creater a chinese?  Maybe.

Me:

Well,it's time to say goodbye.  Bye,a machine god.

God:

TTYL, .（百度了一下，发现是ttyl=talk to you later）
