---
title: 心智计算第3章[汉译英]
---

> 心智计算

3.4.1 Short-term memory encoding

Information encoded in sensory memory will enter into short-term memory, through further processing, and then entering into the long-term memory in which information can be kept for a long time. Information in short-term memory generally kept for 20 to 30 seconds, but if you repeat them, they can continue to save. Repeat delay its disappearance. Short-term memory stores information being used, which has an important role in psychological activities. Firstly, short-term memory plays the role of consciousness, so that we know what we are receiving and what we are doing. Secondly, short-term memory enables us to integrate the information from sensory to a complete image. Thirdly, short-term memory acts as a temporary register when thinking and solving problems. For example, when we do math problems, before every next step, we temporarily stored calculation results of the previous step for final use. Finally, short-term memory kept the current policy and wishes. All this allows us to take a variety of complex behaviors until reaching the ultimate goal. Because of the important role of short-term memory, in most of the current study it is renamed as working memory. In contrast to the large amount of information available in sensory memory, the ability of short-term memory is quite limited. If you give the participants a string of numbers, such as 6-8-3-5-9, he can recite it immediately. If it is more than seven-digit string of numbers, most people could not recite it very well. In 1956, American psychologist Miller (George AM) made it clear that short-term memory capacity is 7 ± 2 chunks. Chunk means several little units were united into a familiar and heavy unit of information processing, also means the unit that made up like this. Chunk is a course and a unit. Knowledge experience and chunk: The function of chunk is to reduce the stimulus unit in the timely memory, and to increase the information contained in each unit. The more knowledge that people owns the more messages in each chunk. Similar with chunk, but it is not divided by meaning. There is no meaning connection between all kinds of composition. In order to remember a long figure, we can divide figures into several groups .So it is an effective method that we can reduce quantity of independent element in figures. This kind of organization is called a chunk, which plays a great role in the long-term memory.

Someone pointed out that, information was stored in short-term memory according to its acoustical characteristic. In other words, even if a message received by vision, it will encode according to the characteristic of acoustics. For example, when you see a group of letters B-C-D, you are according to their pronunciation [bi: ]-[si: ]-[di: ],but not according to their shape to encode. 

Short-term memory encoding of human maybe have strong acoustical attribute, but can't get rid of the code of other properties either. Monkey can't speak, can do the work of short-term memory too. For example, after seeing a figure, they will select one of two colorful geometric figures.


Figure 3.12 provides repeat buffer in short term memory. Short-term memory consisted of several troughs. Every trough is equivalent to an information canal. Informational unit coming from sensory memory enters into different troughs separately. The repeating process of buffer selectively repeats the information in the troughs. The information was repeated in the troughs will be entered into the long-term memory. The information which not be repeated will be cleared out from the short-term memory and disappeared.

The time of information in every trough keeps differently. The longer that the time of information keeps in the trough is, the more chances may enter in the long-term memory, and the more chances may be washed and squeezed out by new message coming from the sensory memory. Comparatively, the long-term memory is a real storehouse of information, but information can be forgotten by subside, interference and intensity.

3.4.2 Information extraction

It is quite complicated to retrieve the course of short-term memory. It involves a lot of questions, and arise different hypothesis. There is no identical view so far.

1．Classical research of Sternberg

Saul Sternberg's research indicates that the information retrieval in short-term memory is through the way of series scanning which is exhaustive to realize. We can interpret it as the model of scanning.
  
Sternberg's Experiment is a classical research paradigm. The suppose of the experiment is: until participants scan all items in the short-term memory, they will judge the items of test is "yes" or "no", then the reaction time of participants' correct judges should not change with the size of memory(Fig. 3.13 (a) showed) . The experimental result is shown in Fig. 3.13 (b), the reaction time will be lengthened with the size of memory. It means, the scanning of short-term memory does not carry on parallel scanning, but carry on serial scanning.

Sternberg's Theory must solve another problem is: if the information retrieval in short-term memory is serial scanning instead of parallel scanning, then, where the scanning begin, and how expire. He thinks the information retrieval is serial scanning even though participants are busy enough with their own affairs. Meanwhile, the course of judgment includes comparing and decision-making process. So, when participants are judging, they will not be self-terminating. 

2. Direct access model

W. A. Wickelgren think retrieving items in short-term memory is not through comparing. People can lead to the position of items in short-term memory directly, and retrieve directly.

Direct access model think, the retrieval of information does not by scanning in short-term memory, brain can directly access to the position where items are needed to draw them directly. This model thinks, each item in short-term memory has certain familiar value or trace intensity. So, according to these standards, people can draw a judgment. There is a judgment standard within the brain, if the familiarity is higher than this standard, then will make " yes " , if lower than this standard, then will make " no " . The higher the degree of deviation from the familiar with the standard value, the faster that people can give a yes or no response.

Direct access model can explain serial position effect (primacy and recency effect). But how short-term memory knows the position of the items? If retrieval of information belongs to direct access, why reaction time will be linear increase when the numbers of items increased?

3. Double model

R. Atkinson and J. Juola think the retrieval of information has already included scanning and direct access in the course of short-term memory. In brief, both ends are direct, and middle is scanning (Fig. 3.14).
 
Search model and direct access model both have their reasonable aspects, while there is a deficiency also. So, someone attempts to combine the two together. Atkinson and Juola put forward that information retrieval of the double model in short-term memory is an attempt. [30] They imagine that each of words was input can be encoded according to their sensorial dimensionality, called sensory code; the words have meanings, called concept codes. Sensory code and concept code form a concept node. Each concept node has different level of activation or familiar value.

There are two standards of judging within the brain; One is "high-standard " (C1) ,if the familiar value of a certain word is equal or higher than this standard, people can make a rapid " yes " response; another one is a low standard (C0) ,if the familiar value of a certain word is equal or lower than this standard, people can make a rapid " deny " response. Atkinson and Juola seem this is a direct access course. However, if a survey word which familiar value are lower than a "high-standard" and is higher than "the low standard ", it will carry on serial search and to make a reaction. So the reaction times will spend more.

The research of short-term memory finds that processing speed and materials properties or information type of information has some relationships. The speed of process raise with increasing of the memory capacity, the bigger capacity of the material has, the faster it will scan.

Table 3.3 the processing speed and memory capacity in different types of materials

The experimental result indicates, processing speed in short-term memory has the relationship with materials properties or information type. In 1972, Cavanaugh through calculating the average experimental results to some kind of material in different researches obtain the average time of scanning one item, and contrast the corresponding capacity of short-term memory, see the Table 3.3. An interesting phenomenon can be found out from the table: the processing speed is raised with increase of the memory capacity. The bigger capacity of the material is, the faster of scanning is. It is difficult to explain this phenomenon clearly. Once imagining, in short-term memory, information was signified with the characteristic. But the storage space of short-term memory was limited, the larger that each average characteristic in quantity is, the smaller that the quantity of short-term memory can be stored is. Cavanaugh then think, each stimulus' processing time are directly proportional to its average characteristic quantity. If average characteristic quantity is heavy, then it will need more time to process, otherwise fewer times will be needed. Also there are many doubtful points in this kind of explanation. But it connected the information retrieval of short-term memory, memory capacity and information representation. This is really an important problem. The processing speed reflects the characteristic of the processing course. Behind processing speed difference of different materials, the cause may be because of memory capacity and information representation etc. has different course about information retrieval.

Through Peterson-Peterson method discover the information which was forgotten in short-term memory.

(1) Information can keep 15-30S in short-term memory;

(2) If not repeated, then the information in short-term memory will be forgotten rapidly (see Figure 3.15); 

(3) So long as quantity in short-term memory does not change, the change of material property has no influence on short-term memory

Figure 3.15 forgetting rate in short-term memory without repeat 

3.4.3 CAM's short-term memory

The short-term memory stores temporary information by using the agent BDI model, namely beliefs, target and intent description [378] .The agent will be used to store the memory of the world cognitive beliefs, mainly used for the storage the information of the external environment and internal environment, this information provides a necessary basis for thinking activity. The target/intention of memory storage the state that agent desired or wants to maintained.

1.	Belief

Belief represents a kind of information; a part of the information agent can be obtained from the environment, a part of the information generate from their own internal. This information constitutes the knowledge base of the agent itself. We usually regard the belief as the agent's knowledge base, the knowledge base contains abundant contents, mainly the basic axioms, objective facts, objective data etc. Belief knowledge can be seen as a three tuple K=<T, S, B>. T is the description of concepts and definitions in the field; S is the description of facts and the relationship between the axioms. These constraints ensure the consistency and integrity of the knowledge base; B is used to represent the current state of the belief set, which contains facts and data. As time goes by, the changes of the environment and the state of the agent itself, the contents of B are changed dynamically.

2.	Target

The target represents an agent's desire, and the target drive agent to produce action on external environment. As time goes on, agent will have a lot of desire. But sometimes between these desires are consistent, sometimes are contradictory. Therefore, the agent should handle it carefully, with all the desire to form a coherent desire. The conflict desire in the agent will be removed from the desire set according to the algorithm in the system. In a target based design, the target has different types. Some of the target is the maintain type, that is, the target is to maintain a certain state of the system. Some of the target is the achieve type, the target which system has not achieved before, need the agent output to the external environment of their own actions according to the existing state, so as to achieve their desired target.
The state of the object, allow us to model the agent by multiple ways. Agent is not only a passive response to the external environment, that is, when the external environment changes, agent taken a series of actions to maintain the balance of it. At the same time, the agent can be not influenced by the external environment, take the initiative to complete some target. Agent target needs to be generated; there are three kinds of ways:

(1)	The system designer determined in the design of the system or at the time of the system initialization;

(2)	With the dynamic changes of the environment, generated target to adapt to changes of the environment;

(3)	Agent internally generated targets.

3.	Intention

Intent is one of the most accomplished or the most appropriate to be done in the desires to achieve, it is the target that the main body is going to achieve, and it is the intent of the thinking state, specific implementation through planning. Planning is a sequence of actions that the agent constructs in order to complete its cognitive tasks. In the BDI cognitive model, there are three main parts in the action plan, which is target builder, target decomposition and target action planner. Target builder is responsible for generate the target that system needs to solve. The target decomposition is responsible for extracting the relevant information from the memory, and the target can be decomposed into small targets. The main task of the target action plan is to plan each sub goal and generate the action sequence to achieve the target. The generated action sequence is stored in an action buffer, and the agent is executed according to the sequence of the action in the action buffer.

4. Agent ABGP model

Due to the limited capacity of a single agent, when facing a complex task that requires multiple agents to complete together. The cooperation of various agents has greatly improved the performance of the whole system. Each agent needs to communicate with other agents, and each agent needs to interact with the external environment. To this end, we construct the ABGP (Awareness Belief Goal Plan) model, [428] as shown in Fig 3.16. ABGP short-term memory module mainly consists of four parts: environmental awareness, beliefs, target and planning.

3.5 Working Memory

In 1974 A. D. Baddeley etc. put forward the concepts of working memories based on the experiments which imitated short-term memory deficit.[44] In traditional Baddeley model working memory is composed of a central executive system and two subsidiary systems including phonological loop and visual spatial sketchpad.[46] The phonological loop is responsible for the information storage and control on the foundation of voice. It consists of phonological storage and articulatory control process, which can hold information through sub vocal articulation to prevent the disappearance of spoken representation, and also switch from the written language to the spoken code. Visual spatial sketchpad is mainly responsible for storing and processing the information in visual or spatial form, possibly including the two sub-systems of vision and space. The central executive system is a core of working memory and is responsible for each subsystem and their connection with long-term memory, the coordination of attention resources, the strategy choice and the plan, etc. A large amount of behavioral researches and a lot of evidences in neural psychology have shown the existence of three sub-compositions, the understanding of the structure about working memory and then the function form is enriched and perfected constantly. 

3.5.1 Working memory model

All working memory models can be roughly divided into two big classes, one is European traditional working memory model, among which the representative one is the multi-composition model brought forward by Baddeley, which divided the working memory model into many subsidiary systems with independent resources, stress modality-specific processing and storage. The other one is North American traditional working memory model, which is represented by the ACT-R model, [20] emphasizing the globosity of the working memory, general resource allocation and activation. The investigation of the former mainly focuses on the storage component of the working memory model, i.e. phonological loop and visual spatial sketchpad. Baddeley pointed out that short-term storage should be clarified clear firstly for its being operated easily before answering more complicated questions of processing, whereas the North American class emphasizes the working memory’s role in complicated cognitive tasks, such as reading and the speech comprehension. So North American’s working memory model is similar to European’s general central executive system. Now two classes of researches are approving some things each other more and more, and exert a mutual influence in respective theory construction. For example, the concept of episodic buffer is very similar to proposition representation of the Barnard’s Interacting Cognitive model. So the two classes already demonstrate certain integrated and unified trend.

Baddeley developed his working memory theory in recent years on the basis of traditional model in which a new subsystem-episodic buffer is increased. [45] Baddeley suggested that the traditional model don’t notice how the different kinds of information is combined, and how the combined results maintain, so it can't explain that the subjects could only recall about 5 words in the memory task in random word lists, but they can recall about 16 words in the memory task according to the prose content. Episodic buffer represents a separated storage system which adopted a multi-modal code, offered a platform where information combined temporarily among phonological loop, visual spatial sketchpad and long-term memory, and integrated information from multiple resources into the intact and consistent situation through the central executive system. Episodic buffer, phonological loop, and visual spatial sketchpad, are equally controlled by the central executive system. Though integration of different kinds of information is executed by central executive system, it maintained and supported subsequent integration by the episodic buffer. Episodic buffer is independent of the long-term memory, but it is a necessary stage in long term episodic learning. The episodic buffer can explain following questions such as the interference effect of serial position recall, the mutual influence question among speech and visual space processing, the memory trunk and unified consciousness experience, etc. The four-component models of working memory including the newly-increased the episodic buffer is shown in Fig. 3.17. [45]

ACT-R model from Anderson can explain a large number of data with individual difference. This model regards working memory resources as one kind of attention activation, named source activation. Source activation spreads from the present focus-of-attention to the memory node related to present task, and conserves those accessible nodes. ACT-R is a production system, and process information according to the activation production regularity. It emphasizes that the processing activities depend on goal information, the stronger the present goal is, the higher the activation level of relevant information is, and the more rapid and accurate information processing is. This model suggests the individual difference of the working memory capacity actually reflects total amount of “source activation” expressed with the parameter W. And it is field-universal and field-unitary. This source activation in the phonological and visual space information is based on the same mechanism. The obvious deficient of this model lies in such a fact that it only explains with a parameter of the individual difference in the complicated cognitive task, and neglects that individual difference of working memory might be related with processing speed, cognitive strategy and past knowledge skill. But ACT-R model emphasizes the singleness of working memory; in order to primarily elucidate the common structure in detail, thereby can remedy the deficient of the model emphasizing the diversity of working memory.

3.5.2 Working memory and reasoning

Working memory is closely related to reasoning and has two functions on it: maintaining information and forming the preliminary psychological characteristics. Representation form of the central executive system is more abstract than two subsystems. Working memory is a core of reasoning and reasoning is the sum of working memory ability.
According to the concept of working memory system, a dual-task paradigm is adopted to study the relationship between each component of work memory and reasoning. The dual-task paradigm means that two kinds of tasks are carried out at the same time: one is reasoning task, the other is secondary task used to interfere with the every component of working memory. The tasks to interfere with the central executive system are to demand subjects to randomly produce the letter or figure, or to utilize the sound to attract subjects’ attention and ask them to do corresponding response. The task to interfere with the phonological loop cycle is to ask subjects pronounce constantly such as "the, the…" or to count the number in certain order such as 1, 3, 6, 8 … The task to interfere with visual spatial sketchpad is a lasting space activity, for example typewriting blindly in certain order. All the secondary tasks should guarantee certain speed and correct rate, and conduct the reasoning task at the same time. The principle of the dual-task is that two tasks compete for the limited resources at the same time. For example the interference to the phonological loop is make reasoning task and the secondary task takes up the limited resources of the subsystem in the phonological loop of working memory at the same time. If the correct rate of reasoning is decreased and response time is increased in this condition, then we can confirm that the phonological loop is involved in reasoning process. There is a series of studies show that the secondary task is effective for the interference of the working memory.

K. J. Gilhooly et al. studied the relationship between the reasoning and working memory. [174] In the first experiment it was found that the way of presenting the sentence influenced the correct rate of the reasoning: the correct rate was higher in visual presentations than hearing presentation, which of the reason is that the load of memory in visual presentations was lower than hearing presentations. In the second experiment, it was found that the presented deductive reasoning task visually was most prone to be damaged by the dual-task paradigm (memory load) used to interfere with the executive system, next by the phonological loop, and least by the visual-spatial processing system. This indicates representation in deductive reasoning is a more abstract form which is in accordance with the psychological model theory of reasoning and has caused the central executive system to be involved in reasoning activities. Probably the phonological loop played a role too, because the concurrent phonological activities with the reasoning activity slowed down, which indicated two kinds of tasks may compete for the limited resource. In this experiment, Gilhooly et al. found that the subjects may adopt a series of strategies in deductive reasoning, and that which kind of strategy is adopted can be inferred according to the result of reasoning. Different secondary tasks force the subjects to adopt different strategy, so their memory load is different too, vice versa. Increasing the memory load will change the strategy too because the changing strategy will cause the decreased memory load. In 1998 Gilhooly et al. explored the relationship between each component of working memory and deductive reasoning in presenting the serial sentence visually using the dual-task paradigm. Sentences presented in serial way require more storage space than those presented in simultaneous way. The result showed that visual-spatial processing system and phonological loop were all participated in deductive reasoning, and the central executive system still plays an important role among them. The conclusion can be drew that the central executive systems are all participated in deductive reasoning no matter in serial or simultaneous presentation; When memory load increases, visual-spatial processing system and phonological loop may participate in the reasoning process too.

3.5.3 Neural mechanism of working memory

The development of brain sciences in nearly a decade have already found two kinds of different working memory are involved in the thinking process: One is used for storing the speech material (Concept) with the speech coding; the other is used for storing the visual or spatial material (imagery) with the figure coding. Further research indicates, not only concept and imagery have their own working memory, but also imagery itself has two kinds of different working memory. There are two kinds of imagery of the things: One represents basic attribute of the things used for recognize them, generally called “attribute imagery” or “object image”; The other one used for reflecting the relationship of spatial and structural aspect of the things (related to visual localization), generally call it "spatial image", or "relation image". Spatial image does not include the content information of the object, but the characteristic information that used to define required spatial position information and structural relation of the objects. In this way, there are three kinds of different working memory: 

(1) Working memory of storing speech material (abbreviated as the speech working memory): suitable for time logical thinking;

(2) Working memory of storing the object image (attribute image) (Abbreviated as the object working memory): suitable for spatial structural thinking which regarded the object image (attribute image) as the processing target, usually is named idiographic thinking; 

(3) Working memory of storing the spatial image (related image) (abbreviated as the spatial working memory): suitable for spatial structural thinking which regarded the spatial image (relation image) as the processing target, usually is named intuitive thinking.

The Contemporary Neuroscience researches show that these three kinds of working memory and their each corresponding thinking processing mechanism have their corresponding area of the cerebral cortex (though the localization of some working memory is not very accurate at present). According to the new development of brain science research, S. E. Blumstein in Brown University pointed out, [60] the speech function is not localized in a narrow area (according to the traditional idea, the speech function only involves Broca’s area and Wernicke’s area of left hemisphere), but widely distributed in the areas around lateral fissure of the left brain, and extend toward anterior and posterior regions of frontal lobe, including Broca’s area, inferior frontal lobe close to face movement cortex and left precentral gyrus (exclude the frontal and occipital pole). Among them, the damage of Broca’s area will harm the speech expression function, and the damage of Wernicke’s area will harm the speech comprehension function. But the brain mechanism related with the speech expression and comprehension function don’t merely limited to these two areas. The working memory used for maintaining speech materials temporarily is regarded as generally relating to left prefrontal lobe, but the specific position is not accurate still at present. 

Compared with the speech working memory, the localization of object working memory and the spatial working memory are much more accurate. In 1993 J. Jonides and et al. in Michigan University investigated the object image and the spatial image with PET (Positron emission tomography) and obtained some achievement about their localization and mechanism. [225] PET detects pairs of gamma rays emitted indirectly by a positron-emitting radionuclide (tracer), which is introduced into the body on a biologically active molecule. Images of tracer concentration in 3-dimensional space within the body are then reconstructed by computer analysis. Because of its accurate localization and non-invasive, this technique is suitable for human subject studies.

3.6 Forgotten theory

Memory is an advanced mental process, which is influenced by lots of factors. Old association only made inference from results to reason, paying no scientific demonstration. But Hermann Ebbinghaus broke through Wundt’s assumption that memory and other advanced mental process can’t be studied with experimental methods. Observing the result and strictly controlling the reason, carrying on quantitative analysis to the memory course, he specially created the pointless syllable and save law for the study of memory.

Although there is much disputation among old association, they never analyze association’s own mechanism. Ebbinghaus spelled letter into pointless syllable as experimental material, which made associative content and structure unified, and got rid of adults’ interference of meaning association to the experiment. It is a great job to quantify memory experimental material. It is a very good means and tool. For instance, he spelled the letter into a pointless syllable in form of a vowel and two consonants, such as zog, xot, gij, nov, etc. and about 2300 syllables, then formatted a syllable group by several syllables, made up an experiment material by several syllable groups . Such a pointless syllable can only be remembered by repeated reading aloud. This created material unit for various memory experiments, and made the memory effect identical and convenient to statistics, compare and analysis. For example, studying different length syllable group (7, 12, 16, 32, 64 syllable groups of syllables, etc.) influence on knowing and remembering, retention effect and learning times (or over learning)’ relation with memory.

In order to quantitatively measuring the learning (memory) effects, Ebbinghaus created saving method. He asked subjects to read the recognition material aloud again and again, until subjects can recite it out smoothly and errorless for the first time (or twice continuously). He wrote down number of times and time needed from reading aloud to reciting. After certain time (usually 24 hours), he required the subjects to learn and recite the material again, compare the number of times and time of the second time with the first time, see how many number of times and time it will save. This is named saving method or relearning law. Saving method created a quantitatively statistical standard for the memory experiment. For instance, Ebbinghaus’ experimental result proved: 7 syllable group of syllable, subjects were able to recite by reading aloud once. This was generally acknowledged as the memory span later. 12 syllable group of syllable need to be read 16.6 times to recite, and 16 syllable group of syllable take 30 times to recite. If one had to memorize the same material, the more number of times to read aloud, the deeper memory is consolidated, and then (the next day) more read aloud time or number of times is saved while relearning.

In order to make learning and memory hardly influenced by past and daily working experience, he had employed the pointless syllable as the material of studying memory. He made, and tried with himself, learning the material until just being able to recite. After a certain time, he relearned the material again, and made the time and number of times of reading aloud saved as the index of memory. He generally made a word form with 10-36 syllables. He successively learned thousands of word forms within seven or eight years. His research production《memory》were issued in 1885. Table 3.4 is one example which provides his experimental result. Utilize the table material; one can draw a curve, call forgetting curve (Figure 3.18) generally. 
Table 3.4   Memory performance after different time intervals

We can see from Ebbinghaus’s forgetting curve, it seems obvious that the course of forgetting is unbalanced: within the first hour, the information kept in long time memory reduces rapidly, then after, the forgetting speed is slackened gradually. In Ebbinghaus’ research, even after 31 days, there is still a certain intensity of saving; the information is still kept in some degree. Ebbinghaus’ original work initiated two important discoveries. One is to describe forgetting process as the forgetting curve. The psychologist replaced the pointless syllable with various materials such as word, sentence even story later on, finally found that, no matter what material to be remembered was, and the developing trend of the forgetting curve was the same as Ebbinghaus’ results. Ebbinghaus’ second important discovery was how long the information in long time memory can be kept. Research found that, information can be kept in long-term memory for decades. Therefore, thing learned in childhood, which has even been not used for many years, once have an opportunity to be learned again, will resume original level very shortly. If things had not been used any longer, which might be considered to be totally forgetting, but in fact it is not totally thorough to forget definitely.
 
Amnesia and retention are the two respects of memory contradiction. Amnesia is that memory content can’t be retained or difficult to be retrieved. Take things once remembered for example, they can’t be recognized and recalled in certain circumstance, or mistakes happen while things being recognized and recalled. In various situations of amnesia: incomplete amnesia is the moment that you can recognize things but can’t retrieve them; complete amnesia is that you can’t recognize things and can’t retrieve them. Temporarily can’t recognize things or recollect them called temporary amnesia, otherwise called perdurable.

The reason why amnesia happens, there are many kinds of viewpoints, they are summing up as follows:

(1)	Decline theory

In decline theory, amnesia is due to that memory traces can’t be strengthened but gradually weakened, so the information disappears finally. This statement is easy to be accepted by us, because some physical and chemical traces tend to decline and even disappear. At the circumstance of sensory memory and short-term memory, the learning material without paid attention or rehearsal, may be forgotten because of declining in trace. But decline theory is very difficult to verify with experiment, because of the decline of retention quantity within certain time, perhaps due to the interference of other materials, thus not due to the decline of memory traces. It has already been proved that even in case of short-term memory; interference is also an important cause of amnesia.

(2)	Interference theory

Interference theory holds that long-term memory of the forgotten information is mainly due to learning and memory is subject to interference by other stimuli. Once the disturbance was removed, the memory can be resumed. Interference can be divided into proactive and retroactive interference and two interferences. Proactive interference refers to the old has to learn to learn new information on the inhibition of information, proactive interference was to learn new information refers to has been the inhibition of memories of the old information. A series of studies showed that long-term memory, the information forgotten despite the spontaneous regression of factors, but mainly by the mutual interference between information caused. Generally speaking, two types of learning materials have become similar to the role of greater interference. Content for different learning how to make reasonable arrangements to reduce the mutual interference effects in the consolidation of learning is worth considering.

(3)	Suppression theory

As suppression theory concerned is, forgotten as a result of depressed mood or the role of motivation caused by. If this suppression has been lifted, memory will also be able to resume. First of all, Freud found this phenomenon in clinical practice. To the spirit of his patients found hypnosis, many people can recall the early years of life in many things, but these things usually are not up memories. In his view, these experiences can’t be recalled because of memories of when they will make the suffering of people not happy and sad, so he refused to enter their consciousness, its stored in the unconscious, which is suppressed by unconscious motives. Only when the mood weakens in Lenovo, which has been forgotten can be recalled with the material. In daily life, emotional tension as a result of the situation caused by forgotten and is often. For example, the examination, as a result of excessive emotional tension, with the result that some of the content learned, not remember how. To suppress that, taking into account individual needs, desires, motivations, emotions, such as the role of memory, which is not in front of the two theories involved. Thus, while it does not have the support of experimental materials, it is still a theory worthy of attention.

(4)	Retrieval failure

Some researchers believe that long-term memory is stored in the message is never lost. We can’t remember things, because we extract the relevant information at the time of extraction did not find the right clues. For example, we often have the experience that we are obviously aware of each other's names, but can’t remember what the name is. Extraction of the phenomenon of the failure suggests that long-term memory from the extracted information is a complex process, rather than a simple "all-or-none" issue. If there is no one thing about a memory, even if many of us we also leads the extract have no idea. But it is equally, if not properly extract the evidence, we can’t think of have to remember information. It's like in a library to find a book, we do not know its title, author and retrieval code, although it is in the library, we can hardly find it. Therefore, a word in memory at the same time, try to remember the words of the other clues, such as word shape, word sound, phrase and the context and so on, will help us to make word into sentence.
In normal reading, the information extraction is very rapid, almost automatic process. But sometimes, the need to extract information extracted through special clues. Extraction of clues enables us to recall what has been forgotten, or re-identified is stored in the memory of things. When can’t recall a thing, we should look for clues from various aspects A clue to the effectiveness of extraction depends on the following conditions:

(1)	Coded information associated with the close degree

In the long-term memory, information is often organized by semantics and, therefore, closely linked with the information significance of the clues are often more conducive to the extraction of information. For example, the sight stirs up one's feelings, the reason why we returned to the imagination is because the plants are closely linked with the past, and they arise our memories of the past.

(2)	The interdependence of situation and status

Generally speaking, when the efforts of memories are paid in a learning environment, people tend to remember more things. In fact, we learn not only what will be coding in mind, also occurred in many of the environmental characteristics at the same time into a long-term memory. An environmental characteristic of these memories in the future is becoming an effective clue of retrieval. The similarity of the environment that facilitate or hinder the phenomenon of memory called context dependent memory.

Just like the external environment, the study of the internal mental state will be incorporated into the long-term memory, as an extract clues memory is called a state of interdependence. For example, if a person in the case of alcohol to learn new material, and also in alcohol test conditions, the results are usually recalled better. When in a good mood, people are often remembered more beautiful memories of the past; when in bad mood, people are often more remembered the troubles.

(3)	The role of emotions

Emotional state and the match of the learning contents also affect memory. In one study, a group of subjects were told to read a variety of exciting and sad story of the incident, and then let them recall under different conditions. The results showed that when people are happy then more memory is out of the story about the happy situation, and when in sorrow the opposite is true. Research has shown that effects of the existing state of mind is consistency of coding of information also included in the extraction of information in. Emotional intensity of the impact of memory depends on the mood of the type, intensity and has to bear in mind the information content. In general, positive mood than negative mood is more conducive to memory, a strong sense of emotional experience can lead to abnormal vivid, detailed, lifelike lasting memory. In addition, when the material that has to be remembered does not have much contact with the information that maintained in long-term memory, effect of emotion on memory is most. This may be due to emotional in such circumstances is the only clues available to extract.

Ebbinghaus’ study was the first time in the history of experimental research on memory; it is a pioneering work, opened up a new situation for experimental psychology, that is, use experimental method with the so-called high-level psychological processes, such as learning, memory, thinking and so on. Sought in the methods of experimental conditions to control and measure the results; aroused psychologists’ study memory States boom, contributed greatly to the development of psychology and memory. Although Ebbinghaus’ memory experiments made historic contributions to psychology, it also likes any other new things, can’t be perfect. The main shortcomings are as follows: Ebbinghaus only carried on a quantitative analysis of memory developing process, the contents of memory were not included in the design and analysis; his meaningless syllables are used in artificial, divorced from reality, there are significant limitations; he treats memory as the result of mechanical repetition, does not take into account that memory is an complex active process.

3.7 Physiological Mechanism of Memory

“Where and how does the brain stores the memory? This is wonderful and mysterious.” This sentence is brought out by E. G. Boring in his classical work in 1950. Though more than 60 years had already passed from 1950 to now, it still is a question being solved so far. Conjecture at that time was all on the basis of the simpler electric fields or reflection circuits in the nerve tissue. But now, it is recognized that the physiological mechanism of memory is extremely complicated, the cooperation of researcher and theoretician in many scientific fields is demanded to explore this problem.
In neurophysiology, the general method to study memory is damaging the brain in part to observe the functional disorder. M. Mishkin removed monkey’s bilateral hippocampus and amygdala simultaneously then cause the memory disorder. J.O’ keefe recorded the activity of a single neuron in rat’s hippocampus and proposed spatial memory hypothesis. D.S. Olton et al. then provided another hypothesis about working memory related to hippocampus based on lesion results. Hence, there are closed relationship between memory and hippocampus.

Hippocampus body is a large neural tissue inside the brain, which is located in the joint between interior cortex of hemisphere and brainstem. It is composed of hippocampus, dentate gyrus and hippocampus flat. Hippocampus organized in layer structure has many branches without climbing fiber. There are two types of cells in hippocampus: pyramidal cells and blue cells. In hippocampus, the body of pyramidal cell constitutes the layered and paralleled pyramidal cellular layer, which of dendrite is extended to hippocampus sulcus. The blue cells are arranged in strict order. Fig 3.19 indicates the structure of hippocampus.

The hippocampus plays a vital role in the process of storing information. Short-term memory is stored in the hippocampus. If a memory segment, such as a phone number or a person’s name is repeated in a short time, the hippocampus will transfer it into the brain cortex, become long term memory. The information stored in the hippocampus is "deleted" if it is not used for a period of time. The information stored in the cerebral cortex is not entirely permanent, and when you don’t use the information for a long time, the cerebral cortex might delete this information. After the injury of hippocampus some people will appear to lose some or all of the memory. Memory in the transmission process between the hippocampus and the cerebral cortex will continue for a few weeks, and this transmission may be performed during sleep.
 
Some researchers use PET technology to research brain structure related with declarative or explicit memory. When the subjects completed the task of declarative memory, his cerebral blood flow in the right hippocampus was higher than complete procedural memory tasks. This finding supports view that the hippocampus plays an important role in the declarative memory.
Amygdala or exactly the almond complex is composed of several nerve nucleuses, which is a center for the meeting of brain areas. Amygdala has direct connection with all sensory systems in cortex, which is along part of the memory system and also connected with the thalamus network. Finally, amygdala assembles sensory message into the same parts and its neural fibers are sent into the inferior thalamus in the brain, which is shown in Figure 3.20. Amygdala is thought to be served as structure relevant to memory. The nervous fiber from cortical sensory system goes to the amygdala, which initiated the sensory in this memory loop. This loop relies on the connection between the amygdala and the thalamus: the link between these two structures makes it possible to combine the experience and the emotion. These links connect the amygdala and the sensory path repeatedly, which make the learning being influenced by emotion and could provide an explanation that single stimuli evoke various memories. For example, when the smell of a familiar food is perceived, the memories of its appearance, quality and the taste are evoked naturally.
 
One is from the hippocampus and the other is from the amygdala in above mentioned two memory loops, which are responsible for various cognitive learning—recognition of familiar objects, recall the unperceived character of sensory, memorize the previous location and adding emotionality into the objects.

In addition to the above memory loop, there is second system used for learning, of which the key component is repeated stimulus. This kind of learning is called “habituation”, which is the unconscious combination between stimuli and response. The behavioral psychologist confirmed this combination was the basis of all learning in early years. In their views, there are no terms such as “mind”, “cognition” or even “memory”. Learning relies on two different systems: one is from non-cognitive habituation; the other is the base of cognitive memory. So this view could mediate the behaviorism and cognitive approach. Behavior is possibly the combination between unconscious response to the stimuli and action under the control of cognition and anticipation.

The structure contributed to the habit might be striatum, which is a complex structure in forebrain. Striatum receives many nervous fibers projected from cortical cortex (including the sensory system) and then send the fibers to different regions which dominate movements in the brain. Therefore, it provides more direct link among all the actions included in stimuli and habit in view of anatomy. Actually, some researchers found the ability to form the habit was weakened in object recognition task for monkeys with injured striatum.

Paul D. MacLean from NIH pointed out that striatum is an old part in evolution of human brain, even elder than the limbic cortex. Simple animal learns how to respond to the stimuli at the unconscious level, which indicated that the habit is formed by primitive structure.

In a matured brain, it needs to confirmed further that how the memory interact with the habit. Most learning behaviors seemingly utilize these two systems; however, it's easy to find that there are always conflicts between cognitive memory and non-cognitive habit. How does brain judge the issue between the formation of habit and cognitive learning? Does every unit in memory system communicate with striatum to influence the development of habit? The studies into the areas involved in memory and habit are still in further exploration.

Prefrontal lobe seems to be important in working memory, during which the input message and the ongoing behavior are influenced by individual’s view, perception or rule. These internal resources accumulated for a lifetime constitute human’s inner world, which could offer some kind of weights to deter large number of sensory information into the brain.

3.8 Memory-prediction theory

Hawkins (J Hawkins) believes that intelligence is the behavior of a large number of clusters of neurons, with a series of predictions of future events based on the world model of memory. In 2004, he put forward the memory-prediction theory, which is considered as a measure of the ability to remember and predict the world model; these models include language, mathematics, physical characteristics and social environment. The brain receives patterns from the outside world, stores them into memory, and then predicts by their previous situation and what is happening. [203]
The memory pattern of the brain creates the full condition for the forecast. It can be said that the intelligence is based on the memory. The memory of the cerebral cortex has the following attributes:

(1)	Storage mode sequence.

(2)	Memory pattern in self-associative recall mode;

(3)	A constant pattern in the form of storage;

(4)	According to the hierarchy of storage mode.

3.8.1 Constant characterization

Figure 3.21 shows the first 4 visual cortical areas of the object, denoted as V1, V2, V4, IT. V1 indicates that the region of the striped visual cortex, which is rarely pretreat image, but contains many detail information of image. V2 for visual mapping, visual mapping information is less than V1. Visual input with the arrow indicates upward, began in the retina, the transmission start from the bottom of Fig 3.21 to V1 area. The input represents the time-varying model; visual neural transmission consists of about 1000000 axons.

Fig 3.21 the first 4 visual cortex in object recognition
At 4 different levels of the region from the retina to the area of IT, cells from rapid change, spatial correlation, can identify the subtle features of the cell, gradually become the cell of a stable activation, space independent, can identify the object. For example, the "Face cells" of IT cells, as long as there is a human face, the cell will be activated, regardless of the face is tilted, rotating, or partially obscured, which is a constant representation of the face.
The feedback connection is very important when considering predict, the brain needs to send the input information back to the original input area. Predictions need to compare what is real and what is expected to happen. Information about what really happens will flow from bottom to top, and the information that is expected to happen will flow from top to bottom.

3.8.2 The structure of cerebral cortex

The cell density and shape of the cerebral cortex were different from top to bottom, this difference resulted in delamination. The first layer is the most unique in 6 layers and contained cells rarely, which is mainly composed by a layer of nerve axons parallel to the cortical surface. The second and third layer is similar, mainly by many close together pyramidal cells. The fourth layer is composed of astrocytes. The fifth layer has pyramid shaped cells in general and pyramid shaped cells in particularly large. The sixth layer also has several unique neuronal cells.

Fig 3.22 shows the level of the brain area, and the vertical column of the longitudinal cell unit that works together. Different layers of each vertical column are connected with each other by axons extending vertically and forming synapses. The vertical columns in the V1 region are some of the inclined line segments (/) in a direction, while others react to a line segment (\) in the direction of the other direction. Cells in each vertical column are closely interconnected, and they respond to the same stimulus as a whole. The activated cells in fourth layer will activate the third and second layer. And then it will activate the fifth and sixth layer. Information is transmitted up and down in a cell of the same vertical column. Hawkins believes that the vertical column is a basic unit of prediction.

There is a direct link between the fifth layers of cells in the motor cortex (M1) and the movement in the muscle and spinal cord. These cells are highly coordinated to continuously activate and inhibit, so that muscle contraction, drive motion. In each region of the cerebral cortex are spread all over fifth cells, which play a role in all kinds of sports.

The fifth layer cells of the axons enter the thalamus, connected to a class of non-specific cells. These non-specific cells will then project axonal back into the first layer of cerebral cortex in different regions. This loop is just like the delayed feedback sequence which can learn from associative memory. The first layer carries a lot of information, including the name of the sequence and the position in the sequence. Using these two kinds of information of first layers, a cortical area is able to learn and recall patterns of sequence.

3.8.3 How does the cerebral cortex work

The cerebral cortex has 3 kinds of circuits: the convergence of the pattern along the cortical system, the pattern of the downward direction of the cortical system, and the delayed feedback of the thalamus, which is very important for the function of the cerebral cortex. These features include:

(1)	How does the brain cortex classify the input pattern?

(2)	How to learn the pattern sequence?

(3)	How to form a sequence’s constant pattern or name?

(4)	How to make a concrete forecast?

In the vertical column of the cerebral cortex, the input information from the lower region activates the fourth layer of cells, leading to the cell's excitement. Then the fourth layer of cells activated third, second layer of cells, and then is the fifth layer, which leads to the sixth layer of cells are activated. So the whole vertical column is activated by the input information of the low level area. When some of synapses are activated by second, third, and fifth layers, they are enhanced. If this happens often enough, the first layer of these synapses will become strong enough to allow the second, third, fifth layers of cells can also activated in the case of the fourth layers of cells were not activated. In this way, the second, third, and fifth layers of the cell can predict when should be activated by the first layer mode. After this study, the vertical column cells can be partly activated by memory. When the vertical column is activated by synapses of first layer, it is predicting the input information from the lower region, this is the forecast.

Some information received from the first layer is derived from the fifth layer cells of the adjacent vertical column and the adjacent area, which represents the event that has just occurred. Another part comes from the sixth cell, which are stable sequence names. As shown in Fig 3.23, second, third layers of cells of the axon usually to form a synapse in the fifth layer, and the fourth layer of the axon form a synapse in the sixth layer. The two synapses’ intersect of the sixth layer receive two kinds of input information, and then it will be activated, and make a specific forecast according to the constant memory.
Fig 3.23 specific predictions based on constant memory of the cerebral cortex

As a general rule, the information flow along the cerebral cortex is transmitted through the synapses near the cell body. Thus, the upward flow of information is increasingly identified in the transmission process. Similarly, as a general rule, the feedback information flowing along the cerebral cortex is transmitted through the synapses away from the cell body. Synapses on the long range of thin dendrites can play an active and highly specific role in cell activation. In general, the axon fiber of the feedback is more than the feed forward; the feedback information can quickly and accurately activate many cells in the second layers of the cerebral cortex.

